bug(input_text_area): Auto resized text areas resize on visibility change (#1569)
posit-dev/py-shiny: CHANGELOG.md

* Require shinyswatch >= 0.7.0 and updated examples accordingly. (#1558)

> * Fixed bug where an auto resized input text area was not initially auto resized if the element was hidden from view (e.g. in a closed accordion or a hidden tab). (#1560)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `input_text_area(autoresize=True)` now resizes properly even when it's not visible when initially rendered (e.g. in a closed accordion or a hidden tab). (#1560)
```
